---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/factions/cirque-des-fees/","dg-note-properties":{}}
---

[[Characters/Playable Characters/Cortège/Cortège\|Cortège]], [[Characters/Playable Characters/Iden Chrysos/Iden Chrysos\|Iden Chrysos]], [[Characters/Playable Characters/Petla Erneut/Petla Erneut\|Petla Erneut]], [[Characters/Playable Characters/Okiki/Okiki\|Okiki]], [[Characters/Playable Characters/Nimavaros/Nimavaros\|Nimavaros]]

Petla is an abnormally strong little girl, Nimavaros is both a giant, hulking minotaur that is surprisingly agile, Okiki has his duplicate as well as his partial calcification when his echo fighter is out, Iden is a plasmoid alien unlike anything on Tharin, and Cortege has the ability to morph and move as a swarm of scales thanks to Nagaiame's gifted body. This ragtag group would be a sort of found family story, with each of them learning how to move forwards in a world which has knocked them down at every step of the way. There would be a core tension between Okiki and Cortege where at first they would share the goal of finding how to use Cortege's body to revive Nagaiame, but as they grow to know each other, Okiki's devotion to his friends would prevent him from ever truly wanting it. The circus has many connections which each of the characters is using to their advantage, but the bonds they form in there might come in handier.

The "Cirque Fées" isabout learning that what is good for the goose is not always good for the gander. Each of the character is cautious about losing what little they feel they still have, and that ability to let go of what they love will be their true test. 

Petla isn't all too happy about going from one form of exploitation to another, but she feels at least in the Cirque Fées, she has company who supports her. She joined in hopes of finding Kemuri along the way, remembering Kemuri mentioning her path towards the entertainment industry. Now that she's there with real power in her hands, she wonders if she can do anything to stop the dehumanizing practices of the circus. To complete her arc, she will leave, recognizing that just because she isn't happy there doesn't mean that no one is. 

Nimavaros joins primarily because of Petla, feeling that she must protect Petla to atone for her role in the cult. However, she won't scoff at the opportunities to learn about and get closer to the cult that the circus has given her. The corruption of the circus reminds her all too much of who she could have been had she not locked herself away. With Petla's words in her ears, she ponders if perhaps the complete destruction of the circus wouldn't be so bad. Her arc will resolve if she can realize the grays of the scenario; realize that no one wins if you go too far. She might leave or she might stay, but either way, it will be based on her own happiness. Not some nebulous ideology. 

Okiki joins because he was scouted on the streets, and without a base to protect, he feels completely lost. Indeed, the structure is something he craves, but not necessarily something he needs. When one lives on devotion their whole life, how do they learn what it's like to live for yourself? Especially when your two goals diverge your two most important loyalties. His arc will resolve once he learns to let go of the past. Nagaiame was the Icon of Erosion. Perhaps Okiki needs to learn that nothing lasts forever, and once he sees the present, he might learn to live for himself. 

Iden has found in the circus what she's needed all along. Something to ground her, some form of structure in a world which feels so much bigger than her. And there's so much to learn in there! So many people, so many stories! The others speak about how corrupt the circus is; could it really be so bad? Is it wrong for her to enjoy it? Would they hate her if she stayed? Her arc will only resolve once she realizes that her happiness is her choice. Even if others don't understand it. Even if they might think her weird for enjoying it. This is her life. Her story. 

Cortege joined the circus on a whim, something to take his mind off of his inability to learn of what happened and also a way to make some coin since his adventuring career has seemingly ended. Of course he sees the exploitation, and he must play the hero. Yet still, he can't help but wonder what his life might be like under the companionable peace of the circus life. His arc can only resolve once he realizes that it's not his responsibility to fix it all. After fighting for so long, it is his right to decide how he lives. The others can leave--he should not stop them--but they should not hold him back from living his life either. It hurts no one, after all. If they try to hold the group together too hard, it very might collapse under their ideological differences. Perhaps they haven't remembered that goodbyes don't have to be forever.